no issue just change (#9023)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_release_notes.adoc

[#acm-release-notes]
= Release notes for {acm-short}

> Learn about {acm-short} 2.17 new features and enhancements, support, deprecations, removals, and fixed issues for errata releases.

Reviewer: Can we use the conref here to avoid future issues?

> Learn about {acm-short} 2.17 new features and enhancements, support, deprecations, removals, and fixed issues for errata releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn about {acm-short} {product-version} new features and enhancements, support, deprecations, removals, and fixed issues for errata releases.
```
